Why must everyone always storm a brain?  Wouldn't a methodical seige work better?

Heh.  Fuck that.  Chaaaarge!


A QUICK AND DIRTY STRONGHOLD MOD
--------------------------------

Okay, so I like strongholds, and having a cozy place to store treasure and stuff.

In BG1, you aren't really powerful enough, or ready to settle down enough that
a stronghold with guards and stuff would make sense.  I'd still like a place to
hide out and recouperate after a particularly difficult fight.

Ideally it'd also be available pretty quickly in the plot.  Say, after Mulahey?

Could use XNewArea.2da to add it to the Tutu map.

What do I want it to be?

I want it to be a fast mod to make, ideally.

Anyways, the details.  Keep 'em small and try to avoid bloat.  Right.

Mulahey is defeated, and links to Tranzig lead the party to Beregost.  When they
get there, he escapes!  He can cast Petrification, after all, so shadow door and
dimension door wouldn't be out of the question, either.

The PC is left without a link, but they loot his room, and find... a lead!  Yes,
the bandits are camped out in the north-east, and there's also a random scribbling
on the note.  A key word to--bah, no, that's too powerful and magical and crap.

-----------

AR3600.are has that lighthouse.  If I could make it so the doors aren't all
busted up and stuff, it could be inhabitable.  That'd be neat.  Is it haunted?
How does the PC go about taking shelter there?

PIRATES.  Oh. My. God. So. Awesome.

Okay, here's the story.  The kid is trapped in there as usual, by the worgs.
The PC goes and slays them, and then some non-obvious pirates come out of the
tower to see what's up.  They were startled by the kid that had suddenly run into
their midst.  So anyways, they're amiable enough and let the kid go, and give you
a mug of ale and send you on your way, too.

If the PC is chatty, the pirates mention that they're lookouts for a shipping
business in the region.  They guard supplies for stopovers and suchlike.  They
also warn you to be on your guard for sirines, who've been quite troublesome
lately.

The kid goes back to the mum, and you get your reward as normal, and so on.

Then when you meet Sil, the sirine near the golem cave, she says you've been
fraternizing with the pirates, and claims you're one of them.  The PC can be all
"Whu?" and then Sil will be like, "Dude, those're pirates, and they've been
chopping up my sisters and stuff in their search for Black Alaric's stash," and
CHARNAME is all like, "Shit, I'll kill them for you, okay?" and she's all "Sure,
swoon swoon."

Then it'd be neat if all the sirines in that map turned neutral forever after, in
gratitude for your deed.  Plus you get the hideout to store stuff in.  Nifty.

--------------

Area list?

lighthouse main floor
AR2101 IWD

lighthouse top floor
AR0138 BG1 (will need to shrink, add flames, shrink walls)

storage shed
Kitchen Area from AR1302 BG2 (has stairs down)

living area
AR0150 BG1 (leads to...)
AR1808 BG1, a small storage pantry

basement of the shed
AR2005 IWD

